(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(STRAINING)
Did you try pulling?
Of course I tried pulling!
ONO: Everyone?
We've got an impatient
antelope herd back here.
Seems they won't go anywhere
without Bupu.
Of course not.
I am their leader.
Good thing he didn't lead
the whole herd into that tree.
Wait. Instead of pulling
Bupu out of the tree,
why don't we just break off
the branch that's stuck?
So I'll be walking around with
a branch stuck to my horns?
At least you'll be
walking around.
Yeah. So you can
lead your herd.
Like you're supposed to.
Not to mention,
it'll look great.
Maybe I'll start wearing
a branch.
Why don't you just see if you
can break off a piece, Bunga.
You got it, Kion.
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUMBLES)
Careful!
NYUNI: Quit shaking my branch!
(GASPS) A talking tree?
Can't a bird feather his nest
in peace?
Oh. Just a Bird.
Hey, Nyuni!
You live here now?
Yes. I like to try staying
in different parts
of the Savannah.
And this was
a great place to live.
Until someone waving around
his giant horns.
Bupu, I think he means you.
(GRUMBLES)
Nyuni, would you mind if you
had to find a new nest?
Why should I have to move
just because
this big ox came along and...
I am not an ox!
Or maybe he's not
talking about you!
Oh, I'm talking about him
all right.
ZAZU: What is all this
commotion about?
Oh, hey, Zazu.
Kion.
Hmm. An antelope
stuck in a tree...
This will most definitely be
included in my Morning Report.
To the King?
Does he need to find out
about this?
Does everyone?
It is my sworn duty to keep
the King informed
of all the goings-on
in the Pride Lands.
No matter how bizarre
they may be.
Wait.
I think I know how you can
both be happy.
I don't know about this.
At least now you can lead
your herd again.
And you get to see even more
of the Pride Lands this way.
Yeah! Let's go Bupu!
(GROANS)
Let's go, antelopes.
Whoa! Easy!
Hmm. Very original solution,
Kion.
Thanks, Zazu.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I must see what else
is transpiring
in the Pride Lands.
Not that I imagine anything
will top this.
Bupu, in the future, do try to
avoid running into trees.
Thank you, Zazu.
Zazu sure likes getting into
everybody's business.
It's his job, Fuli.
He looks out for all the
animals in the Pride Lands.
Even us.
Remember that time
he was after you
to slow down
when we were little?
Huh. Which time?
The time Bunga and I
ran into the crocodiles...
Zuka Zama!
There you are!
Kion, didn't your father
tell you to stay put?
Aw, Zazu!
Me and Bunga
are on an adventure!
BABY FULI: Coming through!
Huwezi!
(EXCLAIMING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Now see here, young cheetah.
You need to slow down!
Slow down. Got it.
Huwezi!
That's not slowing down.
ZAZU: Fuli! Fuli!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
And as for you two...
Kion? Bunga!
Oh, dear!
Where have you gotten to?
Adventure, here we come!
Yeah!
(GASPS) Crocodiles!
Crocodiles? Big deal.
They can't stop us.
Zuka Zama!
Bunga? Wait for me.
All right, croc-iddy crocs!
Outta the way!
What's this?
Looks like a snack.
Careful crocodiles.
You don't want to
mess with us.
Who do these little ones
think they are?
I'm Bunga!
He's Kion!
And you crocs are
in our way!
(LAUGHING)
Little cubs.
This is crocodile territory.
You should leave. Now!
Unless you mean
to challenge me.
Oh, yeah! That's right!
You bet your bumps
I'm gonna challenge you!
What does "challenge" mean?
Hey! If you're messin' with
Bunga, you're messin' with me!
Oh, good.
Two tasty snacks
at the same time...
(GULPS)
Yummy!
ZAZU: Enough!
BOTH: Zazu?
I expect it's merely
an oversight
on your part, Pua.
But surely you did not intend
for Makuu to eat...
The son of the King?
This is the son of the King?
Him. Not me.
I hardly think the King
would be pleased
if your crocs gobbled him up
for no reason.
"No reason?"
These two came to our watering
hole and challenged us.
We have every right
to eat them.
Makuu is right, Zazu.
King Simba knows
and respects our ways.
Zazu?
Very well, Pua.
I, too, respect the
crocodile ways.
But, as Kion's well-being
is my responsibility...
I offer myself in his place.
Huh?
Un-Bunga-lievable!
Though I am but a humble
adviser to King Simba,
I expect I will satisfy
even the most
discriminating of palates.
Simba is a good and fair King.
I would not want to anger him
by eating his son.
Or his royal adviser.
Especially one who displays
the bravery of a crocodile.
(SIGHS)
You three are
all free to go.
Fine.
I wasn't that hungry anyway.
Kion.
You and your friends should
not come here uninvited again.
Uh... Yes, sir!
Come you two. Quickly.
Back to Pride Rock before Pua
changes his mind.
Huh. I forgot all about that.
Zazu jumped into Makuu's mouth
to save you?
That's brave.
(SCOFFS)
He had to rescue you.
You're the King's son.
Fuli,
he was in Makuu's mouth.
Not everyone
can be that brave.
I'll say. And I know all about
being brave.
Sure sounds like
bravery to me.
Maybe.
Keep an eye out for Zazu.
Who-zu?
The bird. Right there.
(GRUNTS)
All appears to be
in order here.
Pathway clear,
shrubs not too pointy.
That's the bird
Scar wants us to grab?
Yeah.
But why did he want us
to grab him?
Who cares?
When Scar tells me to
do something, I do it.
Just like when
I tell you to
do something,
you do it.
(SIGHS)
Just grab the bird!
(GRUNTS)
(SQUAWKS)
What is the meaning of this?
Hyenas. I should have known.
What do you think you're doing
in the Pride Lands?
Actually, we're leaving
the Pride Lands.
And you're coming with us.
What? I most certainly am not!
Grab him and let's get moving.
Unmouth me, you brute!
Do you have any idea who I am?
Ooh, ooh! I know! I know!
You're Zazu.
Yeah, and now that we've
all been properly introducted,
let's go.
You'll pay for this.
I am adviser to the King.
This is definitely making
my Morning Report.
Zazu missed
the Morning Report?
Zazu?
That doesn't sound like him.
It's never happened before.
We just saw him
a little while ago.
Maybe he's just late?
No. It's not like him
to be late.
For anything.
Especially
the Morning Report.
If he's not here,
then I'm afraid
something could be wrong.
Don't worry, Dad.
We'll find him and
make sure he's okay.
And I know just where
to start.
No.
I haven't seen
that busybody bird
since this morning.
Perhaps, he's out
embarrassing some other animal
who found himself in
an unfortunate situation.
How about you, Nyuni?
Seen anything from up there?
Nope,
but I'll keep an eye out.
Hey, Bupu.
Looks like one of the
little ones is wandering off.
Again?
Good catch, Nyuni.
I'll take care of it.
The two of them are
getting along now?
Of course we're getting along.
I'm very easy
to get along with.
Ah, right. Of course.
Ono, scan the skies.
Fuli, see if you can track him
by scent.
Affirmative.
On it, Kion.
(SNIFFING)
And I'll make sure
he knows we're looking
for him.
Zazu! We're looking for you!
If Zazu doesn't hear that,
we'll know he's in trouble.
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
I fail to see
what's so funny?
(LAUGHING)
Really?
It's funny
'cause you can't fly
while you're trapped in there.
(LAUGHS)
Get it?
Maybe he had to be there.
But he is here.
Yeah.
He ain't going nowhere.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Yes. So, now
that you've trapped me
so cleverly.
What, pray tell, is the rest
of your ingenious plan?
You ain't gonna believe this,
but...
We don't know.
Yeah, we sure don't.
We're waiting for Janja
to come back and tell us.
(SIGHS)
Of course, you are.
Ugh.
This wrongful imprisonment
will not go unanswered.
Maybe we should just eat him.
You think?
Oh, you're thinking now?
So, what would Janja think
if he returned to find
that you've eaten me?
Oh, yeah.
He's right.
We gotta wait for Janja.
Thanks, Zazu.
Honestly your plan would
utterly fall apart
if it were't for me.
We got the bird, Scar.
So now what?
Now, you get Zazu
to tell you
everything he knows.
And you listen.
We went to
all that trouble
just to listen to that
annoying, little bird?
That annoying, little bird
is the King's royal adviser.
He knows Simba's strengths,
his weaknesses,
who his allies are.
In short, Zazu is keeper
of all the secrets of
the Pride Lands.
Oh, and if he tells us,
then we know all the secrets
of the Pride Lands.
And armed with that knowledge
taking over the Pride Lands
will be a simple matter.
Even for you.
Yeah, even for me.
Hyenas would rule
the Pride Lands.
Yes.
But there's no time to waste.
Zazu is very important
to the royal family.
No doubt,
Kion and his Lion Guard
are already looking for him.
Oh, I'll get him to talk,
all right.
It'll be easy.
He hasn't shut that hornbill
of his since we found him.
What have we here?
(GASPS) Those look like
Zazu's feathers.
Everyone! Everyone!
Over here.
(SNIFFS)
That's Zazu, all right.
There's more over here.
What do you think happened?
Nothing good,
that's for sure.
I don't know.
Zazu's pretty old.
Maybe his feathers
just fell out.
I don't think so, Bunga.
KION: Definitely not.
And I bet it has something
to do with these hyena tracks.
The hyenas
must have taken Zazu.
The hyenas?
What do they want with that
poor, old bird?
I'm not waiting to find out.
Follow me.
So...
Why should
I let you go?
Because,
it's the smart thing to do.
And you're the smart one.
Huh?
Chungu,
I'll address this to you
since obviously,
you are the smart one.
That's what I always thought.
I just didn't think of it
till now.
When you said it. (GIGGLES)
Hear that, Cheezi?
The smart bird says
I'm the smart one.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah! That makes sense.
But isn't Janja
the smart one?
Actually, I believe
that you both
are the smart ones.
Yeah, right!
(GIGGLES)
We is the smart ones!
Indeed!
And the smart thing to do
is to let me go
and tell Janja I escaped.
Ooh, that is smart!
Yeah!
If we're smart, we gotta do
what the smart bird says!
JANJA: Oh, no, you don't!
Oh, dear.
Nice try, bird-brain.
"Bird brain" (LAUGHING)
Is that like a fur-brain?
See what
I have to deal with?
I'm beginning to.
Now. You're gonna tell us
everything you know, bird.
So start spilling some
royal secrets. And fast.
Please. The three of you
don't scare me.
(CHUCKLES)
(HYENAS SNARLING)
Oh...
That is a lot of hyenas.
Fine. Here is what
I have to say.
(SHOUTING)
If anyone can hear me,
I'm trapped in the Outlands!
We already know that.
Yeah. We're right here.
You don't have to shout.
Ugh!
We ain't got time for this!
Oh, I'm sorry,
were you in a hurry?
I'll make this quick.
(SHOUTING)
I'm near the Hyeya's volcano!
Enough screaming!
Unless you'd like me
to give you something
to scream about.
Specially seeing as how
you're startin' to get me
a little steamed.
(LAUGHS)
Hmm?
What now?
(SCREAMS)
No! No!
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
(SCREAMING)
All right!
I'll talk! I'll talk!
See boys? Sometimes
all it takes is
a little motivation.
I'm listening.
♪ Don't tell anyone
that I told you
♪ But the king once
wore leaves for a mane
♪ And yes, there are times
I have seen him
♪ Standing out on Pride Rock
in the rain
Tell us more,
bird-brain.
♪ Okay, the king likes
his bath to be peaceful
♪ Surrounded by
flowers and trees
♪ The king likes to sleep
through the morning
♪ At nighttime,
he'll do as he pleased
Is that all you've got?
♪ Oh, no need for steam,
I'll tell you much more
♪ In fact, we might
be here all day
♪ Take it from me
when it comes to the king
♪ I do have
a great deal to say
Well, say it already.
♪ When Simba greets
a procession
♪ He'll greet from his left
to his right
♪ And when he's out
all day hunting
♪ It means he won't
hunt in the night
That makes sense.
Give us the good stuff,
bird.
♪ No need for steam,
I'll tell you much more
♪ In fact, we might
be here all day
♪ Take it from me
when it comes to the king
♪ I do have
a great deal to say
(GROWLS)
(WHIMPERS)
♪ There's much more
that I know
♪ From now and long ago...
Zazu!
Sounds like it's coming
from the volcano.
Sounds like he's flat.
♪ In fact, we might
be here all day
♪ Take it from me
when it comes to the king
♪ I do have
a great deal to say
♪ Take it from me
when it comes to the king
♪ I do have
a great deal to say ♪
(SCREAMS)
Wait a second. You didn't
tell us anything important!
I most certainly did.
You just weren't listening.
(SNIFFS) What is that
delectable smell?
It's me!
Steamed birdy sure smells
delicious. (LAUGHS)
Let him steam! (LAUGHS)
(SCREAMS)
(ALL LAUGHING)
I'll talk! I'll talk!
Too late, birdy!
Since nothin' good's
coming out of your mouth,
something tasty's going
into ours.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Yeah.
Janja! Let Zazu go!
Huh?
Think he wants
to eat the bird too?
Maybe.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Heya, hyenas.
Zuka Zama!
(GROANS)
So you came to rescue the
royal advisor to the king.
No, I came to rescue
my friend!
(GRUNTING)
Ouch.
(WHIMPERING)
A-ha!
That's definitely going
into my Morning Report.
(GRUNTS)
Missed me. Try again.
Um, okay.
(WHIMPERING)
Hot! Hot!
Nice going, Ono.
Oh, no!
They have Fuli backed up
to the ledge.
(HYENAS GROWLING)
(YELLS) Fuli! Fuli!
(EXHALES)
Little busy here, Zazu.
Very well. Up to me.
(GRUNTS)
You sure you want to
take me on?
(GROWLS)
I'm coming, Fuli!
Zazu?
(YELLING)
Whoa! Thanks, Zazu!
Just doing
what has to be done.
(SCREAMS)
Zazu?
Oh, no!
This better work.
(ROARS)
(GRUNTS)
(SQUAWKS)
Gracious.
Zazu? You okay?
Indeed. Thanks to you!
(LOW GROWL)
(GRUNTS)
Bird's free.
Let's get outta here!
That bird sure
told us a lot, Janja!
Yeah, he sure did!
But he didn't tell us anything
useful, fur-brains.
He didn't? (SIGHS)
Good. 'Cause I already
forgot it all.
Ooh, wait! I remember
where Simba takes his bath!
Oh.
Come on, Zazu.
Let's get you
back to Pride Rock.
Yes. You took the words
right out of my beak.
And so,
for today's Morning Report...
The Morning Report?
Really, Zazu?
Yes. (SIGHS IN RELIEF)
I've never given
a late Morning Report.
Not your fault, Zazu.
It was the hyenas.
Yeah! But you should've
seen Zazu in action!
Yeah. You took out
two hyenas to save me.
Not everyone
can be that brave.
I owe you one.
Oh. Thank you, Fuli.
Though I wouldn't be here
if you all hadn't rescued me.
In fact,
I owe all of you one.
Not me. We're even.
Maybe you forgot
that you saved me
from the crocs
when I was a little cub.
But I never did.
Ah, yes. That was
a close one, indeed.
But enough reminiscing.
And on
with the Morning Report!
Oh, by all means,
before it's morning again.
Well, it all began
this morning!
After observing Kion's clever
solution for Bupu.
The sight of an antelope
stuck in a tree
is quite amusing, sire.
I then continued
my inspection of the path
through the grasslands,
where I encountered
the hyenas.
Of course we know
how that turned out,
don't we?
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪